Describe the sensubility Smart Gateway object in the ServiceTelemetry manifest (#301) (#302)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/con_primary-parameters-of-the-servicetelemetry-object.adoc

Use the `clouds` parameter to control which Smart Gateway objects are deployed, thereby providing the interface for multiple monitored cloud environments to connect to an instance of {ProjectShort}. If a supporting backend is available, then metrics and events Smart Gateways for the default cloud configuration are created. By default, the Service Telemetry Operator creates Smart Gateways for `cloud1`.

> You can create a list of cloud objects to control which Smart Gateways are created for the defined clouds. Each cloud consists of data types and collectors. Data types are `metrics` or `events`. Each data type is made up of a list of collectors, the message bus subscription address, and whether debugging is enabled. Available collectors for metrics are `collectd`, `ceilometer`, and `sensubility`. Available collectors for events are `collectd` and `ceilometer`. Ensure that the subscription address for each of these collectors is unique for every cloud, data type, and collector combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a list of cloud objects to control which Smart Gateways are created for the defined clouds. Each cloud consists of data types and collectors. Data types are `metrics` or `events`. Each data type is made up of a list of collectors, the message bus subscription address, and a debugging status. Available collectors for metrics are `collectd`, `ceilometer`, and `sensubility`. Available collectors for events are `collectd` and `ceilometer`. Ensure that the subscription address for each of these collectors is unique for every cloud, data type, and collector combination.
```

Reviewer: Just a little awkwardly worded

Author: Needs to be changed in `master` first and then backported. This is just a cherry-pick from `master` which was reviewed and merged by Joanne. If we make changes here we'll cause a regression in the next release.
